hosted backend api doc (#2115)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/shared/_hosted-backend-response-cookies.adoc

> [.api]

Reviewer: So great this is an include! 🎉 🎉 🎉

[field]#app.at# [type]#[String]#::
The encoded access token. This cookie is written in the response as an HTTP Only session cookie.

[field]#app.rt# [type]#[String]#::

> The refresh token. This cookie is written in the response as an HTTP only persistent cookie. The cookie expiration is configured in the JWT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The refresh token. This cookie is written in the response as an `HTTPOnly` persistent cookie. The cookie expiration is configured in the JWT
```

configuration for the application or the global JWT configuration.

[field]#app.idt# [type]#[String]#::

> The Id token for the user for the configured application. Only present if the openid scope is requested. This is a JWT and can be accessed by JavaScript to display user account information.

Reviewer: Please specify what kind of cookie this is as the second sentence, to keep it consistent with the previous two descriptions.

[field]#app.idt# [type]#[String]#::

> The unix epoch timestamp indicating when the access token will expire. This can be checked by JavaScript to determine when a refresh token should be used to get a new access token.

Reviewer: Please specify what kind of cookie this is as the second sentence, to keep it consistent with the previous two descriptions.

Also, this is not `app.idt`, it is `app.at_exp`, right?
